elixir docs update (#313)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/elixir.md

```elixir
value = ConfigCat.get_value("key", "my default value") # Returns "my default value"
ConfigCat.force_refresh()
value = ConfigCat.get_value("key", "my default value") # Returns "value from server"
```

### Custom cache behaviour with `cache:` option parameter

The _ConfigCat SDK_ stores the downloaded config data in a local cache to minimize network traffic and enhance client performance.
If you prefer to use your own cache solution, such as an external or distributed cache in your system,
you can implement the [`ConfigCache`](https://github.com/configcat/elixir-sdk/blob/main/include/configcat/configcache.h#L8) behaviour

> and set the `configCache` parameter in the options passed to `ConfigCatClient::get`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and provide the `cache` option when initializing the SDK.
```
Maybe also include an example snippet like this:

```elixir
{ConfigCat, [
  sdk_key: "#YOUR-SDK-KEY#",
  cache: MyConfigCacheImplementation
]}
```

```elixir
defmodule MyApp.CustomConfigCache do
  alias ConfigCat.ConfigCache

  @behaviour ConfigCache

  @impl ConfigCache
  def get(cache_key) do
    # here you have to return with the cached value
  end

  @impl ConfigCache
  def set(cache_key, value) do
    # here you have to store the new value in the cache
  end
end
```

Then use your custom cache implementation:

```elixir
{ConfigCat, [
  sdk_key: "#YOUR-SDK-KEY#",
  cache: MyApp.CustomConfigCache
]}
```

- You must implement (either explicitly or implicitly) the ConfigCache behaviour
- It is the responsibility of the calling application to supervise the cache if it needs to be supervised.

:::info
The Elixir SDK supports *shared caching*. You can read more about this feature and the required minimum SDK versions [here](/docs/advanced/caching/#shared-cache).
:::

### Multiple `ConfigCat` instances

If you need to run more than one instance of `ConfigCat`, there are two ways
you can do it.

#### Module-Based

You can create a module that `use`s `ConfigCat` and then call the ConfigCat
API functions on that module. This is the recommended option, as it makes the
calling code a bit clearer and simpler.

> You can pass any of the options listed above as arguments to `use ConfigCat`

Reviewer 2: new line won't be visible here

- `on_config_changed(config: map())`: This event is sent when the SDK loads a valid config JSON into memory from cache, and each subsequent time when the loaded config JSON changes via HTTP.

- `on_flag_evaluated(evaluation_details: EvaluationDetails.t())`: This event is sent each time when the SDK evaluates a feature flag or setting. The event sends the same evaluation details that you would get from [`get_value_details`](#anatomy-of-getvaluedetails).

- `on_error(error: String.t())`: This event is sent when an error occurs within the ConfigCat SDK.

You can subscribe to these events either on SDK initialization:

```elixir
def on_flag_evaluated(evaluation_details) do
  # handle the event
end

{ConfigCat, [
  sdk_key: "#YOUR-SDK-KEY#",
  hooks: [on_flag_evaluated: {__MODULE__, :on_flag_evaluated, []}]
]}
```

or with the `Hooks` property of the ConfigCat client:

```Elixir
ConfigCat.Hooks.add_on_flag_evaluated({__MODULE__, :on_flag_evaluated, []})
```

> A module/function name/extra arguments tuple representing a callback function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hook callback is either an anonymous function or a module/function name/extra_arguments tuple.
```

> Each callback passes specific arguments. These specific arguments are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each callback is passed specific arguments. These specific arguments are
```

```bash
[debug]  Evaluating get_value('isPOCFeatureEnabled').
User object: %ConfigCat.User{country: nil, custom: %{}, email: "configcat@example.com", identifier: "435170f4-8a8b-4b67-a723-505ac7cdea92"}
Evaluating rule: [Email:configcat@example.com] [CONTAINS] [@something.com] => no match
Evaluating rule: [Email:configcat@example.com] [CONTAINS] [@example.com] => match, returning: true
```

The following example shows how to set the _Log Level_ on the internal _ConfigCat_ logger.

> put the following code into your application.ex file and runs it on start:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the following code into your application.ex file and run it on start:
```

```elixir
defp set_config_cat_log_level do
  :configcat
  |> Application.spec(:modules)
  |> Logger.put_module_level(:debug)

> end

Reviewer: It might be worth mentioning that Elixir 1.13 and later also has `put_application_level` which is simpler. It might also be worth linking to the Elixir docs:

- https://hexdocs.pm/logger/1.15.6/Logger.html#put_module_level/2
- https://hexdocs.pm/logger/1.15.6/Logger.html#put_application_level/2

)
```

> ## `get_all_value_details()`

Reviewer: Should `get_value_details()` be listed here as well?

Author: We already mentioned that in the `Anatomy of get_value_details()` section.
